README.md, before:

[![.NET](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![Node.js CI](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

# Ogma

Readme (and the software itself) under construction. Expect it to
contain something when the code itself is ready for prime time.

## Requirements

.NET 6, PostgreSQL

To run some helper scripts contained in the [taskfile](./taskfile.yml), the companion tool,
[Genfic/Tool](https://github.com/Genfic/Tool) needs to be installed.

## License

[GPL-3](LICENSE.md) until release. Then, most probably, MIT.

## Acknowledgements

Thank you, JetBrains, for providing us with an open-source
license for your products 💜

[![](Assets/jetbrains-variant-4-500px.png)](https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=Ogma)

Commit message:

Tooling clean up  - Removed tools since they now exist under Genfic/Ogma.Tools repository  - Moved most tasks related to the tool from `package.json` to `taskfile.yml`

README.md, after:

[![.NET](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![Node.js CI](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Genfic/Ogma/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

# Ogma

Readme (and the software itself) under construction. Expect it to
contain something when the code itself is ready for prime time.

## Requirements

.NET 6, PostgreSQL

To run some helper scripts contained in the [taskfile](./taskfile.yml), the companion tool,
[Genfic/Tool](https://github.com/Genfic/Tool) needs to be installed. Tasks can be run with [Taskfile](https://taskfile.dev/)

## License

[GPL-3](LICENSE.md) until release. Then, most probably, MIT.

## Acknowledgements

Thank you, JetBrains, for providing us with an open-source
license for your products 💜

[![](Assets/jetbrains-variant-4-500px.png)](https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=Ogma)
